Clarify serializer usage (#262)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: axon-framework/serialization.md

To that end, the `Configuration` API allows you to define default, `message` and `event` serializers, which lead to the following object-serialization break down:

1. The Event `Serializer` is in charge of (de)serializing event message payload and metadata.
   Events are typically stored in an event store for a long period of time.
   This is the main driver for choosing the event serializer implementation.

2. The Message `Serializer` is in charge of (de)serializing the command and query message payload and metadata \(used in a distributed application setup\).
   Messages are shared between nodes and typically need to be interoperable and/or compact.
   Take this into account when choosing the message serializer implementation.

3. The default `Serializer` is in charge of (de)serializing the remainder, being the messages (except the payload and metadata), tokens, snapshots, deadlines and sagas.
   These objects are generally not shared between different applications, and most of these classes aren't expected to have some of the getters and setters that are, for example, typically required by Jackson based serializers.

>    For example a QueryMessage consists of a ResponseType, which will be (de)serialized using the `default`serializer, the query request and response payload will be (de)serialized using the`message`serializer.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion here:

```suggestion
   For example, a `QueryMessage` consists of a payload and `ResponseType`, which will respectively be (de)serialized using the `message` and the `default` serializer.
```
